REQUIREMENTS.md, before:

## 🧾 Apocalypse Readiness Assessor – Hackathon Project Requirements (Agent-Readable Format)

### 🧠 Summary
This is a single-page React + TypeScript web app themed after 90s apocalypse films. Users choose an apocalypse scenario and answer five hardcoded short-answer questions. An LLM evaluates their survival likelihood based on a templated prompt. Scores are usually 0%, with comedic exceptions. Stretch goal: leaderboard with simple persistence (no auth).

---

### 🔧 Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React (with TypeScript)
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS (preferred for rapid theme iteration)
- **Backend**: Node.js (Express or similar), colocated in monorepo
- **LLM Integration**: Initially OpenAI (via API route or function)
- **Storage (Stretch Goal)**: SQLite or Supabase (no auth)

---

### 📁 Monorepo Structure (Suggested)

\```
/apps
  /web       → React frontend SPA
  /api       → Node/Express backend
/packages
  /ui        → Shared UI components (e.g., Card, Input)
  /lib       → Shared utilities (e.g., LLM prompt templates)
\```

---

### 🖥️ UI/UX Requirements

#### 1. **Main View (Single Page App)**
- Dropdown: Select Apocalypse Scenario (predefined list)
- Display: Themed background (image + color palette per scenario)
- 5 Short Answer Questions (hardcoded per scenario)
- Submit button: triggers score evaluation

#### 2. **Result Display**
- Comedic, exaggerated styling (e.g., CRT text, alert red, pixel fonts)
- Survival Score (0–100%) with over-the-top LLM-generated verdict
- Option to restart with a new scenario

#### 3. **Leaderboard (Stretch Goal)**
- Accessible via `/leaderboard` route
- Displays top user entries by score
- User provides name/alias with submission (no login required)

---

### 📦 Data Models

#### ApocalypseScenario

\```ts
type ApocalypseScenario = {
  id: string; // e.g. 'zombie'
  name: string; // e.g. 'Zombie Outbreak'
  theme: {
    image: string; // path to background image
    colorPalette: string[]; // Tailwind-compatible
  };
  questions: string[]; // 5 unique survival questions
  promptTemplate: string; // Template for LLM evaluation
};
\```

#### Submission (Stretch)

\```ts
type Submission = {
  id: string;
  scenarioId: string;
  answers: string[];
  name: string;
  score: number;
  feedback: string; // LLM-generated commentary
  timestamp: string;
};
\```

---

### 🤖 LLM Prompting Logic

#### Template (per scenario)

\```txt
Given the following apocalypse scenario and user answers, evaluate their likelihood of survival. Respond with:
1. A survival score from 0–100.
2. A brief comment explaining the reasoning in a sarcastic or dramatic tone.

Scenario: Zombie Outbreak  
Answers:
1. [User input]
2. [User input]
3. ...
\```

- Normally return score = 0–5%
- Rarely allow 10–50% if responses are clever/funny
- Ensure response includes both score and commentary

---

### 📈 Stretch Goals
- Leaderboard with persistence (no auth)
- User-defined apocalypse scenario + AI-generated questions
- Exportable certificate/badge (PNG or PDF)
- Sound effects or 90s-themed UI transitions

---

### 🧪 Development & AI Agent Notes
- Use modular structure for easy override (e.g., scenario config, prompt generation)
- Build mobile-first layout (no dark mode required)
- Theming must change based on selected scenario
- Frontend and backend to be scaffolded independently, but share types

Commit message:

Enhance apocalypse evaluation with Bill Burr's comedic style. Updated requirements for survival analysis to include detailed analysis, death scene, and rationale. Modified UI to display formatted results and added text formatting for emphasis. Adjusted API response structure to accommodate new fields.

REQUIREMENTS.md, after:

## 🧾 Apocalypse Readiness Assessor – Hackathon Project Requirements (Agent-Readable Format)

### 🧠 Summary
This is a single-page React + TypeScript web app themed after 90s apocalypse films. Users choose an apocalypse scenario and answer five hardcoded short-answer questions. An LLM evaluates their survival likelihood based on a templated prompt. Scores are usually 0%, with comedic exceptions. Stretch goal: leaderboard with simple persistence (no auth).

---

### 🔧 Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React (with TypeScript)
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS (preferred for rapid theme iteration)
- **Backend**: Node.js (Express or similar), colocated in monorepo
- **LLM Integration**: Initially OpenAI (via API route or function)
- **Storage (Stretch Goal)**: SQLite or Supabase (no auth)

---

### 📁 Monorepo Structure (Suggested)

\```
/apps
  /web       → React frontend SPA
  /api       → Node/Express backend
/packages
  /ui        → Shared UI components (e.g., Card, Input)
  /lib       → Shared utilities (e.g., LLM prompt templates)
\```

---

### 🖥️ UI/UX Requirements

#### 1. **Main View (Single Page App)**
- Dropdown: Select Apocalypse Scenario (predefined list)
- Display: Themed background (image + color palette per scenario)
- 5 Short Answer Questions (hardcoded per scenario)
- Submit button: triggers score evaluation

#### 2. **Result Display**
- Comedic, exaggerated styling (e.g., CRT text, alert red, pixel fonts)
- Survival Score (0–100%) with over-the-top LLM-generated verdict
- Option to restart with a new scenario

#### 3. **Leaderboard (Stretch Goal)**
- Accessible via `/leaderboard` route
- Displays top user entries by score
- User provides name/alias with submission (no login required)

---

### 📦 Data Models

#### ApocalypseScenario

\```ts
type ApocalypseScenario = {
  id: string; // e.g. 'zombie'
  name: string; // e.g. 'Zombie Outbreak'
  theme: {
    image: string; // path to background image
    colorPalette: string[]; // Tailwind-compatible
  };
  questions: string[]; // 5 unique survival questions
  promptTemplate: string; // Template for LLM evaluation
};
\```

#### Submission (Stretch)

\```ts
type Submission = {
  id: string;
  scenarioId: string;
  answers: string[];
  name: string;
  score: number;
  feedback: string; // LLM-generated commentary
  timestamp: string;
};
\```

---

### 🤖 LLM Prompting Logic

#### Template (per scenario)

\```txt
Given the following apocalypse scenario and user answers, evaluate their likelihood of survival. Respond with:
1. A survival score from 0–100.
2. A demoralizing description of how their answers lead to their inevitable demise.

Scenario: Zombie Outbreak  
Answers:
1. [User input]
2. [User input]
3. ...
\```

- Normally return score = 0–5%
- Rarely allow 10–50% if responses are clever/funny
- Ensure response includes both score and a detailed, demoralizing description of their fate
- Focus on explaining specifically how each answer contributes to their doom in a comedic but grim way
- Include a short paragraph describing their inevitable demise (comedic, not graphic)

---

### 📈 Stretch Goals
- Leaderboard with persistence (no auth)
- User-defined apocalypse scenario + AI-generated questions
- Exportable certificate/badge (PNG or PDF)
- Sound effects or 90s-themed UI transitions

---

### 🧪 Development & AI Agent Notes
- Use modular structure for easy override (e.g., scenario config, prompt generation)
- Build mobile-first layout (no dark mode required)
- Theming must change based on selected scenario
- Frontend and backend to be scaffolded independently, but share types
